git # 11/28/22 Meeting

* Docker working, see [PR #29](https://github.com/olincollege/noodlemaps/pull/29) --> MERGED!

## Status Check for Project Requirements
### Quality Code
* Select quality-oriented tools
    * Flask, Docker, Git(Hub), NetworkX library, GMaps API, Pytest
* Plan software architecture
    * [Miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVPPnKrBo=/)
* Add unit tests
    * yes
* Add larger tests
    * **Next step: end-to-end tests** with Docker container (in Action?), form POST, etc.
* Write documentation
    * **Next step**
* Refactor code
    * Colab --> files
    * File structure (ex. moving from `docker/frontend` to `src`)

### Deploying and Maintaining Software
* Write Git hooks
    * Done
* Automate testing
    * Done with Actions and Hook
* Automate deployment
    * Docker compose
* Choose test deployment resources
    * ...clarify with Steve
    * Pytest?
* Plan test deployment architecture
    * Hook runs a test file with Bash instead of manually updating hook
* Choose production deployment resources
    * Docker, possible future AWS
* Plan production deployment architecture
    * N/A - stuck with defaults
* Deploy your code on cloud infrastructure
    * N/A

### Collaborate Effectively
* Documenting team values
    * they exist! **Next step: revisit those**
* Creating collaboration guidelines
    * **Next step: Write them down**
* Creating code review guidelines
    * **Next step: Write them down**
* Facilitating knowledge transfer
    * **Next step: document this**
    * weekly meetings, pair programming, Talking To Each Other
* Having your code reviewed
    * Refer to PRs
    * Process of live PR reviews (not as much written)
* Reviewing someone else's code
    * Same as above

#### Documenting team values
As a team, we value collaboration and communication highly, as they enable us to work together both synchronously and asynchronously. We value asking for help and feedback early and often, as catching mistakes and confusion early minimizes their impact and lets us all keep contributing productively. We also value having enjoyable team meetings, and we like to support that by having snacks available. Lastly, we place a lot of value on having high-quality code written, we'd rather have less functionality but better tested and thought out code than a larger amount of incomprehensible gibberish.

#### Creating collaboration guidelines
* Make a branch for each feature
* Keep branch cycle short (PR once the feature is complete)
* Pull often
* Communicate with teammates proactively
* Ask for help if needed! (use Discord to ask questions)

#### Code Review Guidelines
1. Open a PR to `true-head` (NOT `green-head`)
2. Request all other teammates as reviewers
3. As a reviewer, ask the following:
    * Is it technically correct?
    * Is it easy for other team members to understand?
    * Does it have good style/follow conventions?
    * Is it documented?
    * Does it pass all tests?
    * Do design choices make sense to you?
4. Either approve the PR or send it back for review with specific comments
    * Comments can happen on the PR in GitHub, or in person discussion if all members are present
5. Once a PR has at least one approval and it passes tests, it can be merged and the branch can be deleted.

#### Facilitating Knowledge Transfer
* We have weekly meetings outside of class. These meetings typically include progress updates, live PR feedback time, planning and action item delegation, and sometimes work time.
* When possible, we use pair programming (done especially for core functionalities of building and evaluating graphs) to ensure at least two people start with significant knowledge of the code.
* We are active on Discord and in class, and will ask questions and clarify information with each other when needed.
* By reviewing one another's PRs, we gain at least some familiarity with areas of the codebase that we didn't directly work on ourselves.

## TODOs
* Documentation
    * Berwin: How to use the form
    * Han: Docker
* Ben: End-to-end tests